Olivia!
Thank you.
Okay mom, I'm going to preach.
See you.
Bye mom.
Love you.
Have a good day.
Okay, I'm totally posting that.
Would she ever?
No, she would never.
She's an angel.
You know she's wild.
Oh, she saw it.
I don't believe.
I think she likes guys.
What if she's into girls?
I bet she's still a virgin.
Hey, can I see that?
Yeah, of course.
Here you go.
Enjoy life forever.
Now, how are you going to do that?
Well, that's a very good question actually.
Well, I've got promises.
No, no, no.
Oh, not God, you.
What are you doing?
Me?
Well, I try to help others.
Try?
Man, all you do is stand next to your little car
while the rest of us stand up for your rights, bro.
Well, I'm actually neutral.
Neutral?
Ain't no neutral.
You're just a coward.
Take a trash.
How did it go?
It was a tough day at the car, but I'm okay.
I'm okay.
Olivia?
What's wrong?
I'm so sorry that happened to you.
You know, it reminds me of a situation Paul was in.
I think it was Acts chapter 16, in verse 23.
After they had inflicted many blows on them,
they threw them into prison and ordered the jailer
to guard them securely.
Because he got such an order,
he threw them into the inner prison
and fastened their feet in the stocks.
But about the middle of the night,
Paul and Silas were praying and praising God with song.
And the prisoners were listening to them.
What do you think made them want to sing?
They loved Jehovah.
And when they focused on that, how do you think they felt?
I think they felt some peace.
That's right.
How about we dig a little bit deeper?
What are you going to do?
You're just a coward.
And all you do is stand next to your little guard.
You don't do anything.
You just stand next to your little guard.
Just a coward.
I know neutral is a coward.
Gabe, what happened today?
It's just I've been yelled at in service before,
but this time I wanted to, I don't know.
I wanted to go up to the girls and smash their phones.
I'm so glad that you didn't.
Yeah, but I feel guilty
because I was like, I was like so angry.
It's okay.
Let's keep reading.
We had left off in verse 26.
Suddenly a great earthquake occurred
so that the foundations of the jail were shaken.
Moreover, all the doors were instantly open
and everyone's bonds came loose.
When the jailer woke up and saw that the prison doors were open,
he drew his sword and was about to kill himself,
assuming that the prisoners had escaped.
But Paul called out with a loud voice.
Do not hurt yourself for we're all here.
So he asked for lights in Washington
and seized with trembling.
He fell down before Paul and Silas.
Now, think about what the jailer had done to Paul.
He could have hated him for it.
Yeah, he could have, but I guess he saw the jailer's pain
instead of just his own.
Yeah, Paul loved his neighbor.
He didn't hold back trying to save his life.
Hey, how do you get the nerve to keep coming out here?
Look, you were right.
About what you said.
No one should stand around while other people suffer injustice.
So do something. Fight like we do.
This is my way of making a difference.
The only way that I know the world can really change.
Come on, man, the Bible.
Like, I get where you're thinking,
but let me show you just one scripture.
Kind of one scripture.
So this is a verse in the Bible that convinced me
of how I can make a difference.
It's a Matthew chapter 24 verse 40.
Here it says,
And this good news of the kingdom
will be preached in all of the inhabited earth
for a witness to all the nations
and then the end will come.
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
And there's Jake.
We know she.
What?
She's into growth.
Olivia, what are you thinking?
I don't know how they can do that.
I don't even follow them.
If this doesn't stop,
I don't know if I can...
You're strong.
Okay, you just can't let them get to you.
It feels out of your control, doesn't it?
Hey, I think we need another Bible example.
Remember when we studied about the Shulamite girl?
Yeah, I remember.
And who was pressuring her?
Solomon.
But she wasn't interested in him.
Just like,
I'm not interested in that boy Jake, so...
But it wasn't just him.
There were the daughters of Jerusalem and Solomon's court.
They urged her to accept his attentions.
But do you remember what she said?
In song of Solomon, chapter 2.
It says,
I put you under oath,
O daughters of Jerusalem,
by the gazelles and the doves of the fields.
Do not try to awaken or arouse love in me,
until it feels inclined.
So despite all of the pressure,
who was really in control?
She was.
No one was going to push her into something
that she didn't want to do.
She even said,
I am a wall.
You have the same power.
And if you believe that,
it'll change how you handle the pressure.
Now give me a hug.
I just posted it,
going like I did.
All they want is to see me give in.
Why would I give them the satisfaction?
My peace comes from doing the right thing.
Nobody can make me stumble.
I'm a wall.